right yes I'm Johnny Johnny right cheese
on Johnny Johnny right his name is
Charlie righteous everybody what's up
YouTube yeah whats up youtube welcome to
my crib this is my crib this is um
lighting looks weird because I have to
turn on the lights because it's getting
dark outside it's like five o'clock in
the afternoon over here where I live you
know I usually shoot desert of the daily
I got 11 12 one o'clock two o'clock
usually there's a lot of Sun out so I
never used any of my artificial lighting
anyways my name is Johnny righteous
these are my birthday pickups part 1
there is a part 2 but that's gonna come
later so this is part one only three
pieces nothing too wild but yeah yeah
I'm just gonna get into it birthdays on
the twenty-eighth the februari today is
the 15th or some shit 1618 I don't know
what day it is ma knows that it's a
tuesday um well that's good you know
what's weird is how people do like a
video like once a week but I tried
giving you guys a lot of content but
like damn like some other fuckers babies
either got the priority so out of whack
or they got like rich parents are some
chick is God and they pick up something
like every fucking week dude I'm like
god damn you I need a chill as shit man
like I'm just I'm hustling out here
grindin for these pieces you know damn
it's hard
here for a pimp anyways palace crewnecks
first pick up a monitor palace piece
it's like years ago right now they're
getting easier to like cop but before to
cop a palace piece got damn you needed
to be from like the UK or have a plug or
know someone from the you can't ship
here it is palace on the on the back of
this fatass palace print the infamous
palace fucking logo you know not really
like palace super clean design and this
is probably one of the best fitting
crewnecks that i'm worn they have this
cute little detail these elbows pads
it's a dis cut this is caught in but
it's like a more textured calling than
the rest of the crew neck this is a size
large it fits very snug and so I I
wanted no sighs that but like the way it
fits on me
um I'm actually wearing up this
represent clothings stone wash denim
mean I gotta take it off ah fuck okay
I'll take it off I'm stuffing like that
they're super comfortable like super
super comfortable you just go through
the size and it fits pretty snug its
like it has like some kind of elastic
material so sits at the player is black
a detail like the zara and H&M detail of
their biker jeans like absolutely
terrible but this is a really good like
it feels really nice if you're like
goddamn okay you to be my final pickups
and you're definitely seen is if you
added me on snapchat which a bunch of
you guys did which is cool as fuck you
guys a cool kid I I tried like I'm your
dad you guys are cool kids yeah but
we're probably the same age or maybe you
guys are even younger maybe a little bit
or I might be under I don't know but I'm
the kind of guy that actually sits there
and watches the story because I feel
like you should give him a chance you
know why you gonna skip through it so
big okay anyways thankfully guys add me
on snapchat if you want to add me it's
at Johnny righteous if you want to
follow me on twitter at Johnny righteous
wanna follow me on tumblr which strongly
righteous on tumblr com Instagram is
Instagram calm / Johnny righteous or
username Johnny righteous some babe
stuffs from some guy on Instagram the
conditions were pretty good as they
probably can eight out of town and I
beat the fuck out of these when hiking
in MO actually went to the beach today I
don't know
and probably both but I was in the beach
today in a fucking I love this color way
straight out dude this is a good example
by whatever you like us everyone hates
with fucking shoes like so many like my
mom hates it like fucking my friends
hated they think it's disgusting think
it's an ugly action that's the cool
thing about my friends you know those
straight of time we like do that shit
ugly or I don't like it why'd you got
that color way when the just talk shit
so my friends are cool you know hurt my
feelings are not good example because I
i love these i love this color the pink
the yellow is our baby three or four my
god it's just so fucking cute to me no
really homosexuality excuse me but I've
had I've oh I wondered babe since like
seventh grade I saw soldier boy and that
song like a man won't you get today I'm
you so baby names I got me some pigs I
got I got me some baby names I yeah I've
been him up pretty good so I'll throw
those on PETA for you guys as well
although nothing you can see the song
listen you see if it could take how
badass is California dude sucks for
those people that live like New York
right now but the blizzard issues that
sucks man all patent leather um it's got
these uh breathable holes you know babe
let's look like nikes Air Force Ones the
low tops has the ape on them on the side
of the shoe it's got the blue star babe
stone the inside
fucked up okay anyways thank you guys
for watching my video thank you guys for
staying subscribe to me these are my
please Ben my birthday pickups I have
something else coming probably this week
or that early next week which is my 2nd
birthday pick up is just one piece but
it's killer that's long in the say it's
fucking killer so yeah I thank you guys
it's been my birthday pickups part 1 my
name is Johnny righteous thank you for
subscribing shoutout to everybody that
loves me I love them back shut up some
people that'll be am Instagram and that
tell me that I'm their inspiration I'm
their Idol that shit's crazy to me like
it's still like I have to wrap it around
my head that someone calls me their Idol
or someone says I'm an inspiration to
them like cock deep like it's a really
good feeling but I wish a lot of people
could feel so I want you guys to know
that I appreciate you and I really do
like I really really do like each
individual one you guys I try to reply
to all the comments but sometimes I
can't reply cuz of comment it's like
private or something I don't know what
is appreciate you guys I want you to
feel appreciated I want you to feel
special where you guys make me feel
special cuz I'm all I'm all about the
tip of the day my tip is um mmm shit uh
fuck damn damn I should probably think
of the tips before making the videos um
don't pull out if you're having sex guys
it's pussy shit I'll fuck us terrible
tape guys all this enemy you guys are
gonna fucking be leaving comments and
shit saying you got your girl brain inch
don't listen to me on the fucking idiot
but don't pull out